feat!: split into provider-specific sub-modules to allow excluding unused providers (#33)
masterpointio/terraform-secrets-helper: README.md

}
```

### Both (SSM + SOPS)

Copy `exports/secrets.mixin.tf` to your project:

```sh
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/masterpointio/terraform-secrets-helper/main/exports/secrets.mixin.tf -o secrets.mixin.tf
```

> This uses the root module which supports both backends. Both the SOPS provider (`carlpett/sops`) and the AWS provider (`hashicorp/aws`) are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses the base child module which supports both backends. Both the SOPS provider (`carlpett/sops`) and the AWS provider (`hashicorp/aws`) are required.
```
